I always knew Gargamel went to hell with
his cat when he tried to eat a smurf
anyways that freakin Smurfs reference
completely caught me off guard not a lot
of people probably actually realize what
the cats were talking about but I was
absolutely shocked because Smurfs is
from my childhood and I was oh my god a
Smurfs frickin reference I was just so
excited because that's something you
don't see at all at all
in an anime let alone an English cartoon
so props
husky no right tattoo fuckin props you
got me once again with your references
culture gags and your morbid comedy so
anyways this episode had a lot more lulz
than previous episodes I was almost off
my rockers this entire episode with
Tobin the first half was just absolutely
just marvelous okay so it one scene that
was just so freakin hilarious
was when Co bond Maki and hoser keys and
one of my favorite scenes in this
episode is probably my favorite it's
just you get to see come on just
completely break down
he's like Maki tell him you love a
vice-versa phone number he'll that kind
of crap and then you're supposed to use
your feminine vibes to able to seduce
Hazuki and Huskies like oh and he see
his pants around the freaking like wall
and he said just crunch it he's like so
that's how you really feel how your
personality comes out and he breaks the
fucking wool he comes over there grabs
the cat he completely just induces the
entire situation breaks it down and just
completely craps on the entire
atmosphere Jose man you're a fucking
boss I love it I love his character so
much the way he acts in his extreme
artistic taste that's weird
okay so he likes so weird bezoar stone
wood goldfish plant thing with three
heads bizarre or taste I don't know if
I'm like something like that but I will
say we felt a lot about hose icky this
episode he really enjoys his art now one
thing I enjoy macomb on and since I'm
still in the subject with him is when he
saw Hazuki of width Maki he just see him
like react with blood just everywhere
blood for that more than this that is
just so morbid but I love it I love it
so much that breakages dark humor always
gets me in these type of series I feel
like they did a lot of cultural
references in put-downs in this episode
the art the entire second half of the
art literally just crapped on anyone
that loves artistic style because of
what ho Zeki did he just erases an
entire important painting it has a lot
of historical value just to put
something new about a freaking hole in
the wall that eats someone's hand off
what freaking genius so I mean seriously
that hell is attraction we got new hells
attraction mo of course puts his
freaking hand in it and guess what ah
yeah I love that is so freakin great and
husky your boss once again a fucking
boss now I was completely shocked with
the maquis I guess
idol video song that was a very catchy
song we only got a short little clip
right at the beginning the episode
there's like holy crap this is awesome
getting to see her like dance with candy
sugar cookies cupcakes and all sorts of
stuff I really wish I can eat at this
exact second but I was like holy crap
this is I could completely change her
personality and then we get to see
another cultural I guess dag well we see
her get out of he's like oh I can't
believe I had to do that like she was so
depressed issues like was feeling bad
for the way she had to act and her song
follows the layers cuz maybe a lot of
voice actresses and stuff like this
actually do that when they get off the
set from their cover song so I felt like
this was a very interesting insight to
different culture avenues of different
cultures not just Japanese culture to
voice actors artists and just you know
like Americans like culture with
cartoons I felt like this episode
covered a lot of stuff and they continue
to put down so many different gags of
different cultures in anime and actual
real life that it manages to shock me I
love it I love this series so much
I think this anime gets an instant win
for me just from bringing up the Smurfs
alone or Gargamel mentioned Gargamel's
name of all things was the most shocking
thing I have seen in an anime and such a
long time now
honestly this episode was enjoyable if
we saw some character development with
jose ki like the art thing I get to see
the two actual men
uzuki has some form of development we
found out one is a very amazing artist
and Kozik he employs him to actually
draw the arts on the wall so I felt that
was a very nice scene and then we find
out the frolic shirt
that broad shirt was frickin hilarious
like ribbit it starts jumping honestly
this episode wasn't actually good and I
loved it so much and this is actually
it's my favorite episode of this series
so far I really loved last semester I
mean I absolutely just enjoyed it and I
loved the episode before that the
episodes were getting so much better and
better as the series goes on but it's
gonna be hard to top this one in my
honest opinion because I was just so
shocked with the comedy managed to put
in this it wasn't a comedy that's just
so random that it makes you like do like
okay why am i laughing like it's so
weird you laugh but this comedy was just
so funny because it would make fun of
things that I think that's why I enjoyed
it so much but I did love the actual
ending cover song monkey when we get to
see the entire song for the ending song
which was awesome so anyways this is
gonna be the end of my anime review of
Jose Quintana and Tetsu this week tell
me your feelings on this episode will
tell me your feelings on this anime and
you feel like this series is getting
better and better with each passing
episode I really have noticed that the
animators and probably the staff that is
currently doing this series is probably
having a lot of fun with it because you
can tell anyone that puts this I'm not a
level of comedy in it along with the
artistic style you can tell they're
putting a lot of fills into this series
and I can definitely fill that so
everybody yeah wonderful day or not
regulated please stay safe TV out